So now let's talk about asymmetric encryption
and how it relates to KMS.
So we know that we have symmetric encryption.
That's when we use the same key to encrypt and decrypt.
But asymmetric encryption is a little bit different
because now we have what's called a key pair.
And this key pair we've seen before
when we were doing for example, SSH,
we have a public key and a private key
to encrypt and decrypt data.
And it turns out that this public key,
it can be shared.
So this is something you see, for example, with SSH.
When we want to trust a specific key,
we use the public key
or when we want to verify SSL certificates,
when we go on the website,
again, the public key is shared
but the private key is always kept secret
as its name indicates.
So how does it work?
What's the process?
Well, let's say Bob creates a private key
and a public key
and he wants to communicate with Alice securely.
What is Bob going to do?
Well, Bob is going to send the public key to Alice
and this is a safe operation
because the public key is public.
Alice is going to take a file
and is going to encrypt it using the public key.
So now the file is encrypted using this public key
and it turns out
that this public key cannot decrypt the file.
The only thing the public key can do is encrypt it.
That's why it's called asymmetric.
And this file encrypted will be sent to Bob
and Bob will receive it.
And the only way for Bob to decrypt this file
is to use the private key
and then the file is decrypted.
And this is why it's called asymmetric encryption.
So KMS supports three types of asymmetric KMS keys.
We have the RSA KMS keys
for encryption and decryption or signing verification.
We have the ECC KMS keys for signing and verification.
We have the SM2 KMS key,
that's for China only, to do signing
and verification or encryption and decryption.
You don't have to remember the details
but just so you know, just general knowledge.
The private keys,
when you create a KMS asymmetric key,
they never leave AWS KMS unencrypted
so you don't have access to it.
Now, how do we do digital signing with KMS asymmetric?
Well, digital signing will help you verify
the integrity of messages or files sent across systems.
So what it means by verify the integrity?
Well, we want to make sure that the file
has not been tamped with in transit,
so no one has included bad data
or modified it for whatever reason.
So how does that work?
Well, the public key is used to verify the signature
while the private key is used in the signing process.
So how does that work?
Well, we have KMS
and KMS has a private key
and it has a public key.
And with our application
and we want to securely send a file,
but of course, we cannot
send this entire file into KMS,
that would be too much.
Remember, KMS cannot encrypt a lot of data.
But what we can do is that we can create a digest
of our file.
This is a hashing mechanism, which takes the file
and returns a very long string
that is kind of like the fingerprint of our file.
So this digest is small enough to be sent to KMS.
So we'll use the sign API call in KMS
to do a digest signing,
and then when we get back from it is a signature
and this signature is sent back to our application.
And so the file itself,
and the signature, are sent to another application
the application B,
which takes the file,
computes the digest on its own
to verify whether or not the digest is the same.
And then we use the verify API call.
We pass in the signature we had
from before and the digest
and KMS will say whether or not
the file has been tempered with or not.
If the digest and the signature are equivalent,
then we're good to go.
So the use cases for this is document, E-signing,
secure messaging, authentication and authorizations token,
trusted source code, E-commerce transactions, and so on.
So that's it for this lecture,
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.